BTA-6366 Update API documentation XOF Mobile collections (#61)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/collection-details.md

Once the payment has been successfully done a `transaction.paid_in` webhook will be sent out.

# XOF mobile collections

To initiate a XOF mobile collections please use the following details:

{% capture data-raw %}
```javascript
"input_currency": "XOF",
"payin_methods": [
  {
    "type": "XOF::Mobile",
    "in_details": {}
  }
],
```
{% endcapture %}

{% include language-tabbar.html prefix="collection-xof" raw=data-raw %}

> Once the transaction is created the customer will receive a url where the customer will have to provide phone number and temporary authorisation code (fetched by USSD code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the transaction is created you will receive an URL where the customer will have to provide phone number and temporary authorisation code (fetched by USSD code).
```
